Mr. Makin, lick it
Hero master, are you courting death?
Come and lick it
King, don't provoke him
It's okay. It's okay.
I'm good, he's not good.
Don't protect him, deer.
You can't protect me either
What is the identity of Mr. Banji?
Mr. Chicken
I can't stand it for another me
Did he fool you to death?
Non-eye diseases are not taught
Eat now
The king is amazing
Flying dragon in the sky
Is this ancient?
The famous stunt of Long Fei, the first person of Wu Youth
Flying dragon in the sky
I remember now.
That day, I was playing the North King and participating in an underground boxing match.
I met Gu Haoran from Feilong Picture Books
Gu Haoran used this trick to defeat the king
He must have learned it then
Coco, he's not broken
Is the dantian broken?
How could he?
How could he perform such a powerful move?
It can even create a net-level Sakata building
My master cured him
His dantian and meridians have initially recovered
Legs also grow
North's body recovers
Wait, where did you get the master?
I said goodbye when I was looking for him
Talk about it later